SOURCE https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/927971/000119312521347995/d212602dex991.htm
FILED 2021-12-03 40-F

d conduct review committee. | “Financially Literate” | means the ability to read and understand a set of financial statements that present a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of the issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised by the Bank’s financial statements. | “OSFI” | means the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions. | “Shareholders’ Auditors” | mean the independent financial statement auditors of the Bank. | I-7 | APPENDIX II | CREDIT RATING CATEGORIES | (a) | Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) | S&P has different rating scales for short-term debt, long-term debt and preferred shares. S&P short-term issue credit ratings are generally assigned to those obligations considered short-term in the relevant market. Short-term ratings are also used to indicate the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to put features on long-term obligations. A short-term obligation rated | A-1 | indicates S&P’s view that the Bank’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on these obligations is strong. | S&P long-term issue credit ratings are based, in varying degrees, on the analysis of the following considerations: likelihood of payment—capacity and willingness of the obligor to meet its financial commitments on an obligation in accordance with the terms of the obligation; nature of and provisions of the financial obligation; and protection afforded to, and relative position of, the financial obligation in the event of bankruptcy, reorganization, or other arrangement under the laws of bankruptcy and other laws affecting creditors’ rights. An obligation rated A means the obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories, however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. An obligation rated BBB indicates that the obligation exhibits adequate protection parameters, however, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. Ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (–) sign to show relative standing within the rating categories. | The S&P preferred share rating on the Canadian scale is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific preferred share obligation issued in the Canadian market, relative to preferred shares issued by other issuers in the Canadian market. The Canadian scale rating is fully determined by the applicable global scale rating, and there are no additional analytical criteria associated with the determination of ratings on the Canadian scale. The BBB and | BBB- | preferred share ratings on the Global Scale correspond to a | P-2 | and | P-2(Low) | rating, respectively, on the Canadian National Preferred Share Scale. | A rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term (generally up to two years). In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in the economic and/or fundamental business conditions. A positive or negative outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a future rating change or CreditWatch listing. | The “Stable” rating outlook means that a rating is not likely to change. | (b) | Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) | Moody’s has different rating scales for short-term ratings and long-term ratings. | Ratings assigned by Moody’s are forward-looking opinions of the relative credit risks of financial obligations issued by | non-financial | corporates, financial institutions, structured finance vehicles, project finance vehicles, and public sector entities. | Moody’s short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original maturity of 13 months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. The | P-1 | rating is the highest of four rating categories and indicates issuers (or supporting institutions) that have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations. | Moody’s long-term ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of 11 months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and subject to low credit risk. Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a | mid-range | ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a “(hyb)” indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. | Moody’s Issuer Ratings are opinions of the ability of entities to honour senior unsecured debt and debt-like obligations. | The Moody’s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. | The “Stable” outlook indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. | (c) | DBRS Limited (“DBRS”) | DBRS has different rating scales for short-term debt, long-term debt and preferred shares. DBRS rating approach is based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative considerations. | The DBRS short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that an issuer will not meet its short-term financial obligations in a timely manner. The | R-1 | and | R-2 | rating categories are further denoted by the subcategories “high”, “middle” and “low”. An obligation rated | R-1(high) | is of the highest credit quality and indicates the capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is exceptionally high; unlikely to be adversely affected by future events. | II-1 | The DBRS long-term rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default. That is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in accordance with the terms under which the obligations have been issued. All rating categories other than AAA and D also contain subcategories “(high)” and “(low)”. The absence of either a “(high)” or “(low)” designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. Long-term financial obligations rated AA are of superior credit quality and the 
