SOURCE https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/927971/000119312525307982/d938207dex991.htm
FILED 2025-12-04 40-F

rameters, however, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. Ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (–) sign to show relative standing within the rating categories. | The S&P preferred share rating on the Canadian scale is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific preferred share obligation issued in the Canadian market, relative to preferred shares issued by other issuers in the Canadian market. There is a direct correspondence between the specific ratings assigned on the Canadian preferred share scale and the various rating levels on the global debt rating scale of S&P Global Ratings. The Canadian scale rating is fully determined by the applicable global scale rating, and there are no additional analytical criteria associated with the determination of ratings on the Canadian scale. S&P’s practice is to present ratings on an issuer’s preferred shares on both the global rating scale and on the Canadian national scale when listing the ratings for a particular issuer. The BBB and | BBB- | preferred share ratings on the Global Scale correspond to a | P-2 | and | P-2(Low) | rating, respectively, on the Canadian National Preferred Share Scale. | A rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term, which is generally up to two years for investment grade and generally up to one year for speculative grade. In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in the economic and/or fundamental business conditions. | The “Stable” rating outlook means that a rating is not likely to change. | (b) | Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) | Moody’s issues ratings at the instrument level on both the short-term scale and long-term scale. | Ratings assigned by Moody’s are forward-looking opinions of the relative credit risks of financial obligations issued by | non-financial | corporates, financial institutions, structured finance vehicles, project finance vehicles, and public sector entities. | Moody’s short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original maturity of 13 months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. The | P-1 | rating is the highest of four rating categories and indicates issuers (or supporting institutions) that have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations. | Moody’s long-term ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of 11 months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and subject to low credit risk. Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a | mid-range | ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a “(hyb)” indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. | The Moody’s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. | The “Stable” outlook indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. | (c) | DBRS Limited (“DBRS”) | DBRS has different rating scales for short-term debt, long-term debt and preferred shares. DBRS rating approach is based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer, and the relative ranking of claims. | The DBRS short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that an issuer will not meet its short-term financial obligations in a timely manner. The | R-1 | and | R-2 | rating categories are further denoted by the subcategories “high”, “middle” and “low”. An obligation rated | R-1(high) | is of the highest credit quality and indicates the capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is exceptionally high; unlikely to be adversely affected by future events. | The DBRS long-term rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default. That is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in accordance with the terms under which the obligations have been issued. All rating categories other than AAA and CCC also contain subcategories “(high)” and “(low)”. The absence of either a “(high)” or “(low)” designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. Long-term financial obligations rated AA are of superior credit quality and the capacity for payment is considered high; credit quality differs from AAA only to a small degree; unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events. Long-term financial obligations rated A are of good credit quality and the capacity for payment is considered substantial, but of lesser credit quality than AA; may be vulnerable to future events but qualifying negative factors are considered manageable. | The DBRS preferred share rating scale is used in the Canadian securities market and reflects an opinion on the risk that an issuer will not fulfill its obligations with respect to both dividend and principal commitments in accordance with the terms under which the relevant preferred shares were issued. Every DBRS rating using the preferred share rating scale is based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuing entity. Each rating category may be denoted by the subcategories “high” and “low”. The absence of either a “high” or “low” designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. The | Pfd-2 | rating generally | II-1 | indicates good credit quality. Protection of dividends and principal is still substantial, but earnings, the balance sheet and coverage ratios are not as strong as | Pfd-1 | rated companies. Generally, | Pfd-2 | ratings correspond with issuers with an A category or higher reference point. | The Rating Trend indicates the direction in which DBRS considers the rating may move if present circumstances continue. | The “Stable” rating trend indicates a lower likelihood that the rating could change in the future than would be the case if the rating trend was “Positive” or “Negative”. | (d) | Fitch | Fitch publishes opinions on a variety of scales. | 
