SOURCE https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/9631/000119312525304643/d936350dex991.htm
FILED 2025-12-02 40-F

rating of “A” denotes expectations of low default risk and the capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong; this capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. A rating of “BBB” indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. | Within some of the rating levels, Fitch further differentiates the rankings by adding the modifiers “+” or “-” to denote relative status within major rating categories. | Positive or Negative Outlooks do not imply that a rating change is inevitable, and similarly, ratings with Stable Outlooks can be raised or lowered without a prior revision to the Outlook. A Negative or Positive Outlook could also be assigned to an issuer/transaction whose credit profile has weakened or improved but where Fitch expects the credit profile to return within the next two years to a level consistent with the current rating, albeit with some execution risk or uncertainty. | Stable Outlooks can be raised or lowered without a prior revision to the Outlook. | Moody’s | Moody’s short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original maturity of thirteen months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. Ratings of | Prime-1 | (or | P-1) | reflect a superior ability to repay short-term obligations. | Moody’s long-term ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of eleven months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. Obligations rated “Aa” are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Obligations rated “Baa” are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a | mid-range | ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. | Additionally, a “(hyb)” indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. | The Moody’s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. The “Stable” outlook indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. | - 24 - | Morningstar DBRS Limited | The Morningstar DBRS’ short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that an issuer will not meet its short- term financial obligations in a timely manner. The | R-1 | and | R-2 | rating categories are further denoted by the subcategories “high”, “middle” and “low”. An obligation rated | R-1(high) | is of the highest credit quality and indicates the capacity for the payment of short- term financial obligations as they fall due is exceptionally high; unlikely to be adversely affected by future events. | The Morningstar DBRS long-term rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default. That is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in accordance with the terms under which a long-term obligation has been issued. Credit ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer, and the relative ranking of claims. All rating categories from AA to CCC contain the subcategories “(high)” and “(low)”. The absence of either a “(high)” or “(low)” designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. Long-term financial obligations rated “AA” are of superior credit quality and capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered high; credit quality differs from AAA only to a small degree; unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events. Long-term financial obligations rated “A” are of good credit quality and capacity for payment of financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than AA; and may be vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative factors are considered manageable. | The Morningstar DBRS preferred share rating scale is used in the Canadian securities market reflects an opinion of the risk that a borrower will not fulfill its related obligations in a timely manner, with respect to both dividend and principal commitments. Every Morningstar DBRS rating using the preferred share rating scale is based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuing entity. This scale may also apply to certain hybrid securities. Each rating category may be denoted by the subcategories “high” and “low”. The absence of either a “high” or “low” designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. Preferred shares rated | Pfd-2 | are generally of good credit quality. Protection of dividends and principal is still substantial, but earnings, the balance sheet and coverage ratios are not as strong as | Pfd-1 | rated companies. Generally, | Pfd-2 | ratings correspond with issuers with an A category or higher reference point. | Rating trends provide guidance in respect of an opinion of Morningstar DBRS regarding the outlook for the credit rating in question. Rating trends have three categories - “Positive”, “Stable” or “Negative”. The rating trend indicates the direction in which Morningstar DBRS considers the credit rating may move if present circumstances continue. The conditions that lead to the assignment of a Negative or Positive trend are generally resolved within a | 12-month | period. Morningstar DBRS’s trends and ratings are under regular surveillance. | S&P | S&P short-term issue credit ratings are generally assigned to those obligations considered short-term in the relevant market, typically with an original maturity of no more than 365 days. Short-term issue credit ratings are also used to indicate the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to put features on long-term obligations. A short-term obligation rated | “A-1” | is rated in the highest category and indicates S&P’s view that an obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is strong. | S&P long-term issue credit ratings are based, in varying degrees, on S&P Global Ratings’ analysis of the following considerations: likelihood of payment – the capacity and willingness of the obligor to meet its financial commitments on an obligation in accordance with the terms of the oblig
