SOURCE https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1546066/000162828021003332/aifppcq42020.htm
FILED 2021-02-25 40-F

ered and cancelled and all rights of any holders of the Subordinate Notes, Series 1 as debtholders of Pembina shall automatically cease. | Credit Ratings | The following information with respect to Pembina's credit ratings is provided as it relates to Pembina's financing costs and liquidity. Specifically, credit ratings affect Pembina's ability to obtain short-term and long-term financing and impact the cost of such financing. A reduction in the current ratings on Pembina's debt by its rating agencies, particularly a downgrade below investment grade ratings, could adversely affect Pembina's cost of financing and its access to sources of liquidity and capital. In addition, changes in credit ratings may affect Pembina's ability to enter into, and the associated costs of entering into, normal course derivative or hedging transactions. Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of credit quality of any issues of debt securities. | Pembina has paid each of S&P and DBRS their customary fees in connection with the provision of the below ratings. Pembina has not made any payments to S&P or DBRS over the past two years for services unrelated to the provision of such ratings. | DBRS Limited | DBRS has confirmed a debt rating of 'BBB' to each issued senior unsecured note of Pembina and assigned a debt rating of 'BB (high)' to the Subordinate Notes, Series 1. | The BBB rating is the fourth highest of DBRS's ten rating categories for long-term debt, which range from AAA to D. The BBB rating indicates that, in DBRS's view, the rated securities are of adequate investment grade credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable; however, the issuer may be vulnerable to future events. The BB rating is the fifth highest of DBRS' ten rating categories for long-term debt. The BB rating indicates that, in DBRS' view, the rated securities are speculative, non-investment grade credit quality and that the issuer's capacity for the payment of financial obligations is uncertain and is vulnerable to future events. DBRS uses "high" and "low" designations on ratings from AA to C to indicate the relative standing of securities being rated within a particular rating category. The absence of a "high" or "low" designation indicates that a rating is in the middle of the category. | Each issued series of Class A Preferred Shares, other than the Series 2021-A Preferred Shares, has been rated 'Pfd-3' by DBRS. The Pfd-3 rating is the third highest of six rating categories for preferred shares, which range from a high of Pfd-1 to a low of D. "High" or "low" grades are used to indicate the relative standing within a rating category. The absence of either a "high" or "low" designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. According to the DBRS rating system, preferred shares rated Pfd-3 are of adequate credit quality. While protection of dividends and principal is still considered acceptable, the issuing entity is more susceptible to adverse changes in financial and economic conditions, and there may be other adverse conditions present which detract from debt protection. | -64- | When a significant event occurs that directly impacts the credit quality of a particular entity or group of entities, DBRS will attempt to provide an immediate rating opinion. However, if there is uncertainty regarding the outcome of the event, and DBRS is unable to provide an objective, forward-looking opinion in a timely fashion, then the ratings of the issuer will be placed "Under Review". | S&P | S&P has a long-term corporate credit rating on Pembina of 'BBB'. S&P has confirmed a rating of 'BBB' to each issued senior unsecured note and assigned a rating of 'BB+' to the Subordinate Notes, Series 1. | The BBB rating is the fourth highest rating, of S&P's ten rating categories for issuances of long-term debt which range from 'AAA' to 'D'. Issues of debt securities rated BBB are judged by S&P to exhibit adequate protection parameters; however, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. The BB rating is the fifth highest rating of S&P's ten rating categories for issues of long-term debt. Issues of debt securities rated BB are, according to the S&P rating system, regarded as having significant speculative characteristics. While such securities will likely have some quality and protective characteristics, these may be outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposures to adverse conditions. An obligation rated BB is less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues; however, S&P regards the obligor as facing major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial or economic conditions which could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (–) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. | Each issued series of Class A Preferred Shares, other than the Series 2021-A Preferred Shares, has been rated 'P-3 (High)' by S&P. S&P's ratings for preferred shares range from a high of 'P-1' to a low of 'D'. "High" or "low" grades are used to indicate the relative standing within a rating category. According to the S&P rating system, securities rated P-3 are regarded as having significant speculative characteristics. While such securities will likely have some quality and protective characteristics, these may be outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposures to adverse conditions. An obligation rated P-3 (High) is less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues; however, it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial or economic conditions which could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. | These securities ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell the securities in as much as such ratings do not comment as to market price or suitability for a particular investor. There is no assurance that any rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that any rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. | See " | Risk Factors – General Risk Factors – Credit Ratings | ". | -65- | DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS | Cash Dividends | The declaration and payment of any dividend by Pembina is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on numerous factors, including compliance with applicable laws and the financial performance, debt obligations, working capital requirements and future capital requirements of Pembina and its subsidiaries. See " | Risk Factors | ". The agreements governing Pembina's Credit Facilities provide that if an event of default has occurred
