SOURCE https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/947263/000119312521346760/d206742dex991.htm
FILED 2021-12-02 40-F

ng company and holding company obligations.) | A long-term obligation rated ‘AA’ differs from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong. A long-term obligation rated ‘A’ is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong. A long-term obligation rated ‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. The | ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. | A short-term obligation rated | ‘A-1’ | is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings. The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on these obligations is extremely strong. | The S&P Global Ratings Canadian preferred share rating scale serves issuers, investors, and intermediaries in the Canadian financial markets by expressing preferred share ratings (determined in accordance with global rating criteria) in terms of rating symbols that have been actively used in the Canadian market over a number of years. An S&P Global Ratings preferred share rating on the Canadian scale is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific preferred share obligation issued in the Canadian market relative to preferred shares issued by other issuers in the Canadian market. There is a direct correspondence between the specific ratings assigned on the Canadian preferred share scale and the various rating levels on the global debt rating scale of S&P Global Ratings. The Canadian scale rating is fully determined by the applicable global scale rating, and there are no additional analytical criteria associated with the determination of ratings on the Canadian scale. S&P Global Ratings’ practice is to present ratings on an issuer’s preferred shares on both the global rating scale and on the Canadian national scale when listing the ratings for a particular issuer. A Canadian National preferred share rating of | ‘P-2’ | corresponds to global scale preferred share rating of ‘BBB’. | An S&P Global Ratings outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term, which is generally up to two years for investment grade and generally up to one year for speculative grade. In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in economic and/or fundamental business conditions. A ‘Stable’ rating outlook indicates that a rating is not likely to change. | Description of ratings, as disclosed by DBRS on its public website | The DBRS Morningstar long-term rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default. That is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in accordance with the terms under which an obligation has been issued. Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer, and the relative ranking of claims. All rating categories other than ‘AAA’ and ‘D’ also contain subcategories ‘(high)’ and ‘(low)’. The absence of either a ‘(high)’ or ‘(low)’ designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. A long-term rating of ‘AA’ is of superior credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered high. Credit quality differs from ‘AAA’ only to a small degree. Unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events. A long-term rating of ‘A’ is of good credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than ‘AA’. May be vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative factors are considered manageable. | The DBRS short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that an issuer will not meet its short-term financial obligations in a timely manner. Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer and the relative ranking of claims. The | ‘R-1’ | and | ‘R-2’ | rating categories are further denoted by the subcategories ‘(high)’, ‘(middle)’, and ‘(low)’. A short-term debt rating of | ‘R-1’ | ‘(high)’ is the highest credit quality. The capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is exceptionally high. Unlikely to be adversely affected by future events. | The DBRS preferred share rating scale reflects an opinion on the risk that an issuer will not fulfil its obligations with respect to both dividend and principal commitments in respect of preferred shares issued in the Canadian securities market in accordance with the terms under which the relevant preferred shares have been issued. Every DBRS rating using the preferred share rating scale is based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuing entity. Each rating category may be denoted by the subcategories ‘high’ and ‘low’. The absence of either a ‘high’ or ‘low’ designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. Preferred shares issued in the Canadian securities markets are rated using the preferred share rating scale and preferred shares issued outside of the Canadian securities markets | are rated using the long-term obligations scale. Because preferred share dividends are only payable when approved, the | non-payment | of a preferred share dividend does not necessarily result in a ‘D’. DBRS may also use ‘SD’ (Selective Default) in cases where only some securities are affected, such as in the case of a “distressed exchange”. Preferred shares rated | ‘Pfd-2’ | are generally of good credit quality. Protection of dividends and principal is still substantial, but earnings, the balance sheet and coverage ratios are not as strong as | ‘Pfd-1’ | rated companies. Generally, | ‘Pfd-2’ | ratings correspond with issuers with an ‘A’ category or higher reference point. | Appendix “C” | AUDIT COMMITTEE | OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS | OF THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK | CHARTER | ~ ~ Supervising the Quality and Integrity of the Bank’s Financial Reporting | and Compliance Requirements ~ ~ | Main Responsibilities: | ● | overseeing reliable, accurate and clear financial reporting to shareholders | ● | overseeing the effectiveness of internal controls, including internal control over financial reporting | ● | directly responsible for the selection, compensation, retention, and oversight of the work of the shareholders’ auditor – the shareholders’ auditor reports directly to t
