SOURCE https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/947263/000119312523286395/d553441dex991.htm
FILED 2023-11-30 40-F

untry in which its head or principal office is located. | 3 | Carrying amounts are prepared for purposes of meeting the disclosure requirements of Section 308 (3)(a)(ii) of the | Bank Act (Canada) | . Intercompany transactions may be included herein which are eliminated for consolidated financial reporting purposes. | Appendix “B” | Description of Ratings | Description of ratings, as disclosed by Moody’s Investors Service on its public website | Ratings assigned on Moody’s global long-term and short-term rating scales are forward-looking opinions of the relative credit risks of financial obligations issued by | non-financial | corporates, financial institutions, structured finance vehicles, project finance vehicles, and public sector entities. Moody’s defines credit risk as the risk that an entity may not meet its contractual financial obligations as they come due and any estimated financial loss in the event of default or impairment. The contractual financial obligations addressed by Moody’s ratings are those that call for, without regard to enforceability, the payment of an ascertainable amount, which may vary based upon standard sources of variation (e.g., floating interest rates), by an ascertainable date. Moody’s rating addresses the issuer’s ability to obtain cash sufficient to service the obligation, and its willingness to pay. Moody’s ratings do not address | non- | standard sources of variation in the amount of the principal obligation (e.g., equity indexed), absent an express statement to the contrary in a press release accompanying an initial rating. Long-term ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of eleven months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. Short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original maturity of thirteen months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment. Moody’s issues ratings at the issuer level and instrument level on both the long-term scale and the short-term scale. Typically, ratings are made publicly available although private and unpublished ratings may also be assigned. | Moody’s differentiates structured finance ratings from fundamental ratings (i.e., ratings on nonfinancial corporate, financial institution, and public sector entities) on the global long-term scale by adding (sf) to all structured finance ratings. The addition of (sf) to structured finance ratings should eliminate any presumption that such ratings and fundamental ratings at the same letter grade level will behave the same. The (sf) indicator for structured finance security ratings indicates that otherwise similarly rated structured finance and fundamental securities may have different risk characteristics. Through its current methodologies, however, Moody’s aspires to achieve broad expected equivalence in structured finance and fundamental rating performance when measured over a long period of time. | Moody’s assigns ratings to long-term and short-term financial obligations. Long-term ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of eleven months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default on contractually promised payments and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default. Short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original maturity of thirteen months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default on contractually promised payments and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from ‘Aa’ through ‘Caa’. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a | mid-range | ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a ‘(hyb)’ indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. | A global long-term rating of ‘Aa’ reflects obligations that are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. Obligations rated ‘A’ are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Obligations rated ‘Baa’ are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Global short-term ratings of | ‘P-1’ | (Prime-1) | reflect a superior ability to repay short-term obligations. | A Moody’s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. Rating outlooks fall into four categories: ‘Positive’ (POS), ‘Negative’ (NEG), ‘Stable’ (STA), and ‘Developing’ | (DEV). Outlooks may be assigned at the issuer level or at the rating level. Where there is an outlook at the issuer level and the issuer has multiple ratings with differing outlooks, an “(m)” modifier to indicate multiple will be displayed and Moody’s press releases will describe and provide the rationale for these differences. A designation of ‘RUR’ (Rating(s) Under Review) is typically used when an issuer has one or more ratings under review, which overrides the outlook designation. A designation of ‘RWR’ (Rating(s) Withdrawn) indicates that an issuer has no active ratings to which an outlook is applicable. Rating outlooks are not assigned to all rated entities. In some cases, this will be indicated by the display ‘NOO’ (No Outlook). | A ‘Stable’ outlook indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. A ‘Negative’, ‘Positive’ or ‘Developing’ outlook indicates a higher likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. A rating committee that assigns an outlook of ‘Stable’, ‘Negative’, ‘Positive’, or ‘Developing’ to an issuer’s rating is also indicating its belief that the issuer’s credit profile is consistent with the relevant rating level at that point in time. | Description of ratings, as disclosed by S&P Global Ratings on its public website | An S&P Global Ratings issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of financial obligations, or a specific financial program (including ratings on medium-term note programs and commercial paper programs). It takes into consideration the creditworthiness of guarantors, insurers, or other forms of credit enhancement on the obligation and takes into account the currency in which the obligation is denominated. The opinion reflects S&P Global Ratings’ view of the obligor’s capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due, and this opinion may assess terms, such as collateral security a
