SOURCE https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/868675/000110465921020238/tm2037775d1_ex99-3.htm
FILED 2021-02-11 40-F

by rating agencies, particularly a downgrade below investment grade ratings or a negative change in ratings outlook could adversely affect our cost of financing and our access to sources of liquidity and capital. We believe our investment grade credit ratings, coupled with our efforts to maintain constructive relationships with banks, investors and credit rating agencies, continue to provide TELUS with reasonable access to capital markets. In addition, credit ratings may be important to customers or counterparties when we compete in certain markets and when we seek to engage in certain transactions including transactions involving over-the-counter derivatives. As at December 31, 2020, TCI is a party to an agreement expiring in December 2021, with an arm’s-length securitization trust associated with a major Schedule I bank, under which TCI is able to sell an interest in certain trade receivables up to a maximum of $500 million. TCI is required to maintain at least a BB credit rating by DBRS Ltd. (DBRS) or the securitization trust may require the sale program to be wound down. | The rating agencies regularly evaluate TELUS and TCI, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the telecommunications industry generally, and the wider state of the economy. The Company’s credit ratings are outlined in the chart below. Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities and do not address the market price or suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. In addition, real or anticipated changes in the rating assigned to a security will generally affect the market value of that security. There can be no assurance that a rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the future. | Credit rating summary | DBRS Ltd. | Standard | & Poor’s | Rating | Services | Moody’s | Investor | Services | Fitch Ratings | TELUS Corporation | Notes | BBB (high) | BBB+ | Baa1 | BBB+ | Commercial paper | R-2 (high) | A-2 | P-2 | — | TELUS Communications Inc. | Debentures | BBB (high) | BBB+ | — | BBB+ | 23 | Institution | Rating | DBRS | The DBRS long-term rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default. That is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in accordance with the terms under which an obligation has been issued. Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer, and the relative ranking of claims. All rating categories, other than “AAA” and “D”, also contain subcategories “(high)” and “(low)”. The absence of either a “(high)” or “(low)” designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. | A “BBB” rating denotes adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable. May be vulnerable to future events. | S&P | A S&P issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of financial obligations, or a specific financial program (including ratings on medium-term note programs and commercial paper programs). It takes into consideration the creditworthiness of guarantors, insurers, or other forms of credit enhancement on the obligation and takes into account the currency in which the obligation is denominated. The opinion reflects S&P’s view of the obligor's capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due, and may assess terms, such as collateral security and subordination, which could affect ultimate payment in the event of default. | An obligation rated “BBB” exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. | The ratings from “AA” to “CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. | Moody’s | Moody’s long-term ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of one year or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default on contractually promised payments and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default. | Obligations rated “Baa” are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. | Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from “Aa” through “Caa”. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. | A Moody’s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. A stable outlook indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. A negative, positive or developing outlook indicates a higher likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. | Fitch | Rated entities in a number of sectors, including financial and non-financial corporations, sovereigns and insurance companies are generally assigned issuer default ratings (IDRs). IDRs opine on an entity’s relative vulnerability to default on financial obligations. The “threshold” default risk addressed by the IDR is generally that of the financial obligations whose non-payment would best reflect the uncured failure of that entity. As such, IDRs also address relative vulnerability to bankruptcy, administrative receivership or similar concepts, although the agency recognizes that issuers may also make pre-emptive and therefore voluntary use of such mechanisms. In aggregate, IDRs provide an ordinal ranking of issuers based on the agency’s view of their relative vulnerability to default, rather than a prediction of a specific percentage likelihood of default. | “BBB” ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. | The modifiers “+” or “-” may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. Such suffixes are not added to the “AAA” Long-Term IDR category, or to Long-Term IDR categories below “B”. | As is common practice, during the last two years, each of the above-noted credit rating agencies charged TELUS for their rating services which include annual surveillance fees covering our outstanding long-term and short-term debt securities, in addition to one-time rating fees for certain agencies when debt is initially issued. We reasonably expect 
